<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Booking][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [send][3]
    -   [setData][4]
-   [save][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [dataToUpdate][7]
-   [ChildParticipant][8]
    -   [validate][9]
-   [Customer][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [validate][12]
-   [Hold][13]
    -   [create][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [delete][16]
-   [Network][17]
    -   [auth][18]
        -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [fetch][20]
        -   [Parameters][21]
    -   [getClassAvailability][22]
        -   [Parameters][23]
    -   [getAllClasses][24]
    -   [newCustomer][25]
        -   [Parameters][26]
-   [catch][27]
-   [ping][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]
-   [request][30]
    -   [Parameters][31]
-   [Utils][32]
    -   [formatDate][33]
        -   [Parameters][34]
    -   [formatParameters][35]
        -   [Parameters][36]
    -   [generateDate][37]
        -   [Parameters][38]
    -   [parseDate][39]
        -   [Parameters][40]
-   [processListings][41]
    -   [Parameters][42]
-   [search][43]
    -   [Parameters][44]
-   [arr][45]

## Booking

A barebones container for a Booking.

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][46]** Data to be sent with the Booking. Required data is 
    specified in the Bookeo API.

### send

Sends the booking and data to Bookeo.

-   Throws **[Error][47]** If an eventID and customer, or customerId are not 
    specified, the Booking will not be completed.

Returns **[Promise][48]** 

### setData

Sets data for the booking.

## save

### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][49]** Key used for saving data
-   `data` **[Object][46]** Data to save onto local computer

## dataToUpdate

Saved data in key will be compared to newData and any discrepencies
between the two data sets will be corrected. This is done to ensure that 
only relevant information is updated as updating the entire dataset might
be inefficient in cases where the dataset is of considerable size.

Debating on whether to replace data when in String format, or just 
through JSON format.

## ChildParticipant

### validate

Validates Child's information on form submission.

## Customer

Container for Customer

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][46]** 

### validate

Validates Customer's info on form submission

## Hold

### create

Creates a hold for a given listing/event

#### Parameters

-   `listing` **[Object][46]** Listing/event which will be placed on hold

Returns **[Promise][48]** 

### delete

Removes the hold from the listing/event

Returns **[Promise][48]** 

## Network

### auth

Used for authenticating user login

#### Parameters

-   `uname` **[String][49]** Username
-   `pword` **[String][49]** Password

Returns **[Promise][48]** 

### fetch

fetches all user created events and currently available events within
the periods specified. A period is defined as 31 days. Periods are
measured from the current date. Data is stored in localstorage. "Class products"
are stored in "classes", and class metadata in "classMeta".

#### Parameters

-   `periods` **[Number][50]** Num of periods to fetch data

Returns **[Promise][48]** 

### getClassAvailability

Calling this function returns availibility for classes. The Bookeo API
can only return classes 31 days after a specified start date, so multiple
calls may have to be made.

#### Parameters

-   `startDate` **[Date][51]** Date to begin with

Returns **[Promise][48]** When resolved, the promise returns the availability of Bookeo products (31 days)

### getAllClasses

Calling this function returns all available Bookeo products

Returns **[Promise][48]** When resolved, the promise will return all Bookeo products

### newCustomer

Creates a new Customer in Bookeo's database.

#### Parameters

-   `customer` **[Customer][52]** Customer to be sent to Bookeo

Returns **[Promise][48]** 

## catch

Checks if class products are already stored on the browser. If
they are, the server is polled for updates. If there aren't, the local
version is used. If there are updates, they will be pulled from the 
server and stored locally.

## ping

Pings the host for any updates

### Parameters

-   `data`  What you intend to update (ex. classes, class metadata, etc.)
    Not usable ATM...

## request

Used for making HTTP requests

### Parameters

-   `method` **[String][49]** Method to use when making an HTTP request
-   `url` **[String][49]** Destination for the request
-   `options` **[Object][46]** 
    -   `options.query` **[String][49]** 
    -   `options.data` **[JSON][53]** 

Returns **[Promise][48]** When resolved, the promise returns the response received

## Utils

### formatDate

Formats a date into the desired string format

#### Parameters

-   `date` **[Date][51]** Date object to format
-   `format` **[String][49]** format of date

Returns **[String][49]** 

### formatParameters

Converts the provided JSON object into a query string

#### Parameters

-   `obj` **[Object][46]**  JSON object intended to be formatted into a JSON query string (key:val pairs)

Returns **[String][49]** Query string

### generateDate

Generates a start + end time in ISO format and returns it as a query string

#### Parameters

-   `startDate` **[Date][51]** Starting date to use

Returns **[String][49]** Formatted query string

### parseDate

Parses a date

#### Parameters

-   `dateStr` **[String][49]** Date string to parse (DMY)

Returns **[Date][51]** 

## processListings

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][46]** Listings to process
-   `options` **[Object][46]** Settings for the listing processorOptions Schema
    {
    	type (String): Type of class (Defaults to 'fixed')
    	include (Object): only include given objects
    	locationToSearch (String): Where to search for string at (ie. description, title, anywhere). Defaults to anywhere
    }
-   `storage` **[Object][46]** (Optional) Location to store processed listings

Returns **[Array][54]** Processed listings

## search

Can be used for filtering class listings

### Parameters

-   `arr` **[Array][54]** Array of class listings
-   `options` **[Object][46]** Criteria used when searching within class listings

Returns **[Array][54]** Results of the search

## arr

TODO: Add exclusion search; basically streamline include and exclude search.
Making them both possible within a single for loop block would be very nice.

[1]: #booking

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #send

[4]: #setdata

[5]: #save

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #datatoupdate

[8]: #childparticipant

[9]: #validate

[10]: #customer

[11]: #parameters-2

[12]: #validate-1

[13]: #hold

[14]: #create

[15]: #parameters-3

[16]: #delete

[17]: #network

[18]: #auth

[19]: #parameters-4

[20]: #fetch

[21]: #parameters-5

[22]: #getclassavailability

[23]: #parameters-6

[24]: #getallclasses

[25]: #newcustomer

[26]: #parameters-7

[27]: #catch

[28]: #ping

[29]: #parameters-8

[30]: #request

[31]: #parameters-9

[32]: #utils

[33]: #formatdate

[34]: #parameters-10

[35]: #formatparameters

[36]: #parameters-11

[37]: #generatedate

[38]: #parameters-12

[39]: #parsedate

[40]: #parameters-13

[41]: #processlistings

[42]: #parameters-14

[43]: #search

[44]: #parameters-15

[45]: #arr

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error

[48]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[49]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[50]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[51]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date

[52]: #customer

[53]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON

[54]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
